under construction!!!

does not compile yet!!!

to do : precise software environment in a single point in the text


SAGA Stream : OK to use from Zephyr core to the  plot window




R19 XtreemOS needs to provide access to various Grid services
partially fulfilled : SAGA provides API that allows to call the
serrvice of xtreemos built underneath to submit 


A.5 XtreemOS Interfaces
R47: Other API Standards as basis for XtreemOS API
XtreemOS API must consider the following standard as a basis: SAGA (especially
the subsets DRMAA, GAT). Furthermore, any other standard allowing applications
to access user and/or job information is welcome. WP3.1 must ensure that applications
can adapt to XtreemOS in a way that complex start and stop procedures
can be specified that are used to start/stop the various parts of the overall application.
To this end, WP3.1 must ensure that the interfaces are sufficient enough and
compatible with WP3.3
Additionally, one application requires the following functionalities that are actually
provided by Globus/Globus-related components: GridFTP, Apache Axis,
and the GSI public key infrastructure. Here, an equivalent XtreemOS functionality
is needed.
Previous number (D4.2.3): R45
Updated: no
Importance: obligatory
Implementation order: 5
R48: Demand for POSIX compliance
XtreemOS must provide access to the distributed resources in the Grid from any
node using the standard Posix interface. Mandatory access control (ACL) as defined
e.g. in POSIX .1e, IEEE 1003.1e/2c (which was withdrawn). It is yet to be
clarified which calls have to be provided. Furthermore, it would prove useful if
functions for management of processes on remote machines would be part of the
XtreemOS API.
Previous number (D4.2.3): R46
Updated: no
Importance: obligatory
Implementation order: 5.3
R49: XtreemOS API language support
XtreemOS must support several different programming languages. The mandatory
languages and their priorities are C (high priority), C++ (high priority), Java (high
priority) and Fortran 77 (low priority). Fortran 77 can be supported via C bindings.
The optional languages are Python (medium priority), Perl (medium priority) and
Ada (low priority).
Previous number (D4.2.3): R47
Updated: no
Importance: obligatory
Importance for MDs: In MDs, only Java is obligatory. The rest are optional.

Implementation order: 3.3
R50: Degree of Interoperability
It should be possible to use XtreemOS as a backend for GT4 WS-GRAM.
Previous number (D4.2.3): R48
Updated: no
Importance: optional
Implementation order: 6.4